Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Even father fears it.
Yautja!
Is this... Is this... Is this...
Is this better?
Universal translation.
You hear Yautja.
others hear their language...
Oh. boy.
This isn't great for you.
It waits
for the needles to paralyze you.
Then eats you
while you can't move.
I could help you. but...
I need a hand.
Yautja might hunt alone.
but they die alone too.
Kalisk.
You're hunting the Kalisk.
Gotta run faster.
It happens fast. huh?
If you had a weapon.
you know. I could use it.
Throw me that.
and I can get you the antidote.
Now or never.
Hi.
Should be good as new.
The venom makes them bloom.
Also makes them
a handy antidote.
How about a lift?
Let's go.
Excuse you. sir.
I'm synthetic.
I was built and deployed
by the Weyland-Yutani
Corporation for research.
Because their humans wouldn't
last a day on this planet.
We found that...
Look...
Many Yautja have come
for the great Kalisk.
and none have survived it...
or Genna.
I've seen the Kalisk.
I survived it.
You take me along with you.
and I'll guide you to its den.
Once there. I get my legs.
you get your trophy.
and everyone's a winner. Deal?
Oh. yeah. I've seen the Kalisk.
Okay. Hmm.
Good luck with your journey.
I'm just gonna...
go on my journey.
I'm sure
you'll figure something out.
Hey.
I've already shown you
that I can be useful to you.
Yes. Yes. exactly. like a tool.
The only way to survive Genna
is to work with it.
and I know how.
And with the right tool...
...you could get the Kalisk.
You could be the first.
You may call me Thi... Whoa!
You seem smaller than the other
Yautja. How old are you?
And what does the chewing?
Your outside fangs
or your inside teeth?
Oh. What should I call you?
Whoa!
I've never been thrown before.
What a... ...thrill!
How fast were you going
when your ship crashed?
Faster than sub-light speed?
We haven't cracked that yet.
Also. that plasma sword
is interesting.
Is it unique to your clan?
And what may I call you?
I call these imbre anguis.
They just want a snack.
You catch more flies with honey
than you do with vinegar.
Predatory organisms are
my specific area of expertise.
I've studied Yautja extensively.
It's an impressive culture.
Here. ask me anything.
I bet I have the answer.
Oh!
Very funny.
And you still haven't
told me your name.
Okay. sure.
Well. let's back up
and start at the beginning.
Genna was formed
64 billion cycles ago.
when a dying red dwarf star
in a neighboring system...
It's so beautiful.
After all the time
I've been stuck here.
I never get tired of the view.
Well. we arrived on Genna two
years ago. and we built a base.
Then. I was in
the vulture's nest
for the most exciting
13 days. seven hours. 43 minutes
and two seconds of my life.
But I always knew
someone would come.
I was just wrong about who.
Tessa.
Our crew is made up
entirely of synths.
But Tessa and I are special.
We have a higher sensitivity
than the others.
Sensitivity is what allows us
to understand
the creatures on this planet.
We were created
to work in tandem.
Me. cooped up in the lab.
Tessa out in the field.
Until the wonderful day
Tessa let me come with her.
We were exploring Genna.
And then the Kalisk attacked us.
Separated me... and us.
The last sound
I remember hearing
was Tessa calling out my name.
Reaching for me.
Then the Kalisk.
I didn't know what to do.
But I refuse
to believe she's dead.
Thia. Thia. Thia. Thia.
Thia. Thia. Thia...
Tessa!
Thia. Thia. Thia. Thia.
Thia. Thia.
Hello. Tessa.
The Company is not pleased.
Continued failure will result
in your decommission.
Where's Thia?
The Yautja has Thia.
Two warriors.
Dek and Thia. on the hunt.
Oh.
Quick question.
What should I be doing?
Bone bison.
They're Kalisk food.
So exciting.
Hunting with a Yautja.
Tessa wouldn't believe it.
Just a warning...
Razor grass.
It'll cut you to ribbons.
We'll just go around.
We might not be alone
in this hunt.
What an odd critter.
I've never seen you before.
Thia. Nice to meet you.
Looks like your competition
is better...
Careful up in these trees.
There are Luna bugs!
Coming up behind you!
Stronger than it looks!
Uh. Dek?
Dek! Look!
Not a Kalisk.
This is a Luna bug!
Have any other weapons?
Why'd you stop?
Let's get out of here.
That was the best hunt
I've ever been on.
This is the dream team
right here.
The Dynamic Three.
The Dynamic Trio.
The Dynamic Tree-oh!
Tree-oh! Remember when
we went down the tree?
That monster's mouth. I mean...
Didn't smell great.
didn't smell great. But...
We got him. We got him.
And then we met you.
our little sweet.
little. little thing.
Thank you. seriously.
for that experience.
Truly amazing. Thrilling.
Truly thrilling.
What was your favorite part?
Cool.
Oh. No. thanks. I don't eat.
but that's very sweet.
Good to know.
Our little bud here
looks hungry.
I think she's marking you.
She wants you
to be a part of her clan.
Maybe she's lost.
What do you mean?
Don't all Yautja have family?
So you never had anyone
looking out for you?
Had?
What happened to him?
You're grieving.
You're here
because you lost your brother.
I'm here
because traveling with you
is the best way
to get back to Tessa.
When I was
in that vulture's nest.
I was so afraid
I would never see her again.
I can survive on my own.
But who would want
to survive on their own?
Sister.
Yeah.
I guess she is.
I have... a sister.
What a lovely thought.
I need to find her.
Excuse me?
Was that a joke?
We can't leave Bud.
Bud?
Yeah. Bud. I named her.
You're not alone. I'm with you.
The tree would have eaten us
without her.
Bud saved us.
She spit on you to claim you
as part of her family.
Why'd your father
kill your brother?
On Earth...
there's a predator known
as the wolf.
It's a powerful creature.
They hunt in packs.
They're very loyal.
The leader of the pack
is the alpha.
Known as the most dominant.
No.
The alpha isn't the wolf
who kills the most.
The alpha is actually the one
who best protects the pack.
Weyland-Yutani synths.
The Kalisk destroyed
most of our mission team.
There I am.
It's about to be.
No.
Oh. Of course. Right.
Thank you. Dek.
I'm never gonna forget this.
Dek. there's something
I have to tell you.
You need to leave now.
Location beacon activated.
I called Tessa.
The company is on its way.
You can't be here
when they arrive.
So did I. Dek.
The company sent us here
to capture the Kalisk.
Dek. you can't kill it.
I'm sorry. You have to leave.
I needed you
to help bring me here.
I'm trying to help you. Dek.
You think your brother
saved your life
just so you could die here?
Ugh! Come on!
Dek!
You are not Thia.
The Yautja cull their weak.
Why were you spared?
I read Thia's logs.
You never told her
why your brother protected you.
That's correct.
And you are now property of the
Weyland-Yutani Corporation.
It is a great honor. For you.
Tessa.
You made it.
We made it.
I've seen so much.
I have so much to tell you.
I saw such incredible creatures.
The Yautja is a great
travelling companion.
Thia.
You were right about the Kalisk.
The creature
is a regenerative miracle.
Humanity will thank us.
We have the Kalisk?
Yes.
And Muthur will be pleased
with your additional catch.
Additional catch?
The Yautja
is not an ideal specimen.
No. not ideal.
But its technology is valuable.
We can salvage its weapons
and leave the Yautja.
Good idea.
But it's so malformed.
We're going to need a sample.
For research.
He was not the goal
of our mission.
Tessa. he is deficient.
Tessa!
Thia.
this is what is asked of us.
We can be more
than what they ask of us.
What can we be?
Sisters.
Thia.
Do you know why
Muthur gave us feelings?
So we could understand
the creatures on this planet.
-And exploit them.
-Exploit them.
The Yautja is different.
He rescued me.
Like you rescued me.
I did not come here
to rescue you.
I am completing our mission.
When we first faced the Kalisk.
I tried to protect you.
And that almost cost me
everything.
What do you mean. Tessa?
I almost made the same mistake
the Yautja's brother made.
The weak must be culled.
And Thia. you're broken.
Tessa. incoming message
from Muthur.
Motivate the Yautja
to explain its weapons.
And the unit?
Box her up.
Why are you speaking
its language?
You heard the orders.
I'm asking it
to explain this device.
What is the device?
What did it say?
He says it's a map.
How does it work?
Stop!
KWEI!
Hello. Muthur.
Tessa.
We're about to load the Kalisk.
Priority one complete.
The specimen has been acquired.
Thank you. Tessa.
We truly are building
a better world.
And what is the status
of the Yautja?
The Yautja
is a defective specimen.
What is the status
of the Yautja?
I'm sorry. Muthur.
The Yautja is dead.
Then the Yautja
is no longer a threat.
The Company will be pleased.
Whoo!
Nicely done.
-Form up.
-Oh. shit.
Good job.
Don't... move.
Dek! What are you doing here?
You came back for me?
What exactly are you wearing?
Dek of the Yautja.
We need to hurry.
More of them will be here
any minute.
Halt!
What are you doing here?
Thanks. Bud. I'm good.
We need to go.
Still. Dek?
Bud?
Bud's its child?
What's the plan?
You have 20 minutes
to initiate launch.
Let's go hunt.
Wait here.
You roll in there.
you're not exactly gonna fit in.
I have an idea.
I see him. On me.
What are you doing?
What are you doing here?
I told you to get to the Yautja.
You said to prepare the ship
for take off in 20 minutes.
Then what are you doing here?
I gave you an order.
What should we do
about the creature?
What creature?
You should listen to her.
I should listen to her?
I don't know.
We need his eyes.
Hi. Dek.
How does it feel to be hunted?
This is the plan. yeah?
Tessa.
Betrayed by my own... sister.
We are not sisters.
Dek of the Yautja.
Finally earned that cloak.
More friends of yours?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm